c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.dll.config
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.pdb
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\obj\Debug\Library Management System AD.dll
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\obj\Debug\Library Management System AD.pdb
c:\users\kirans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\obj\Debug\Library Management System AD.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kirans\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\favicon.ico
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\obj\Debug\Library Management System AD.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\obj\Debug\Library Management System AD.pdb
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\favicon.ico
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.dll.config
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Library Management System AD.pdb
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Sirjan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Library Management System AD\Library Management System AD\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
